CRTX-133204-Trellix_ePO (#37192)
demisto/content: Packs/Trellix_ePO/README.md

<~XSIAM>
 
### This pack includes:
- Timestamp parsing.
- XML format field extraction.
- Log normalization - XDM mapping for key event types.
 
### Supported Event Types:

> - Key Mcafee/Trellix products event types - Threat Prevention, Virus Scan, DLP, ATP, Endpoint Security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Key Mcafee/Trellix products event types - Threat Prevention, Virus Scan, DLP, ATP, Endpoint Security.
```

 
### Supported Timestamp Formats:
Timestamp is extracted from the GMTTime field with the following format - yyyy-mm-ddTHH:MM:SS
***
 
## Data Collection

> To configure Trellix ePO to send logs to Cortex XSIAM, follow the below steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure Trellix ePO to send logs to Cortex XSIAM, follow the steps below.
```

 
### Trellix ePO side

> 1. Login to the Trellix ePO main console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the Trellix ePO main console.
```

> 2. On the main menu go to **Configuration** -> **Registered Servers**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On the main menu, go to **Configuration** > **Registered Servers**.
```

> 3. Click the **New Server** button and select "Syslog Server" as the **Server type**, name it and click next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **New Server** and select **Syslog Server** as the Server type, name it and click **Next**.
```

> 4. On the Server name field please enter the IP address or fully qualified domain name (FQDN) of your broker-vm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the Server name field enter the IP address or fully qualified domain name (FQDN) of your broker-vm.
```

> 5. Specify the port through which the ePO will send logs to the broker-vm, the default port is 6514 and it only support syslog event forwarding via TLS protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Specify the port through which the ePO will send logs to the broker-vm. The default port is 6514 and it only supports syslog event forwarding via TLS protocol.
```

> 6. Check the **Enable event forwarding** box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Check **Enable event forwarding**.
```

> 7. Press the **Test connection** button, if the test was successful - click the save button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Click **Test connection**. If the test was successful, click **Save**.
```

> * Please note that the test connection stage will only work after you finish the configuration on the broker-vm side and open the selected port on your Firewall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Note that the test connection stage will only work after you finish the configuration on the broker-vm side and open the selected port on your firewall.
```

> For more information check this article <https://kcm.trellix.com/corporate/index?page=content&id=KB87927>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [this article](https://kcm.trellix.com/corporate/index?page=content&id=KB87927).
```

 
### Cortex XSIAM side
To create or configure the Broker VM, use the information described [here](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XDR/Cortex-XDR-Pro-Administrator-Guide/Configure-the-Broker-VM).
 
### Broker VM

> Follow the below steps to configure the Broker VM to receive Trellix ePO logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to configure the Broker VM to receive Trellix ePO logs.
```

> 1. Navigate to **Settings** → **Configuration** → **Data Broker** → **Broker VMs**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Configuration** > **Data Broker** > **Broker VMs**.
```

> 2. Go to the **APPS** column under the **Brokers** tab and add the **Syslog** app for the relevant broker instance. If the **Syslog** app already exists, hover over it and click **Configure**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to the *APPS* column under the *Brokers* tab and add the Syslog app for the relevant broker instance. If the Syslog app already exists, hover over it and click **Configure**.
```

    -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    | Parameter: :            | Value :                                                                                                                       |
    |-------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|                 
    | `Protocol`              | Select **Secure TCP**.                                                                                                        |
    | `Port`                  | Enter the syslog service port that Cortex XSIAM Broker VM should listen on for receiving forwarded events from Trellix ePO.   |
    | `Vendor`                | Enter trellix.                                                                                                                |
    | `Product`               | Enter epo.                                                                                                                    |

>     | `Server Certificate`    | Select the .crt file you created, advise the attached Trellix documentation for help with using openssl.                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `Server Certificate`    | Select the .crt file you created. See the attached Trellix documentation for help with using openssl.                      |
```
What attached Trellix documentation?

>     | `Private Key`           | Same as `Server Certificate`, select the .key file you created.                                                               |

Reviewer: Is the same as Server Certificate? I am not sure what that means. Should the description be just: Select the .key file you created.

    | `Minimal TLS Version`   | Select 1.2.                                                                                                                   |
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

> 5. After data start flowing into Cortex XSIAM, you could query the collected logs under the *`trellix_epo_raw`* dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. After the data starts flowing into Cortex XSIAM, you can query the collected logs under the *`trellix_epo_raw`* dataset.
```
